[RUDOLF] Aileen, due to
the nullification of your
engagement; your pharmaceutical
and agricultural businesses
will be taken over
by Prince Cédric.
First he dishonored me and now
he's stealing my life's work?
This is your comeuppance
for the contracts
you carelessly created.
Unfortunately, this will
cost our family much.
I-- I'm incredibly
sorry, Father.
[RUDOLF] I'm willing to dismiss
the issue under the circumstance
you recoup the
losses before the ball.
But... that's only
two months from now!
I raised my daughter
to be a fighter,
not some sap who
wallows in her worries.
Now hammer away, darling.
[AILEEN]
I can tell Father is serious.
If things progress at
this rate, I'll be ousted
from the family.
[AILEEN] Step one: make up
the boatloads of money
that thief of a prince stole
from me and my family.
Hey! Long time!
[AILEEN]
Jasper! A good day to you, sir.
You're surprisingly cheerful.
Is it true that engagement
of yours fell through?
The rumors are true.
I decline to be
interviewed any further.
Can't a guy just say hello?
I'm not interested
in an interview.
And if I was, know that
my paper always stands
on the side of justice.
As your friend, I can't
believe how this panned out.
You were so devoted to
him and he tossed you
straight to the curb.
Moving along, I have a
favor I'd like to ask of you!
Yeah?
[AILEEN] And with that, I say
we buckle down and repair
this castle!
The funding shall come
from my very own pockets!
Uh, that's interesting.
Do you mean to suggest
that we allow humans
in the castle?
That's just downright blasphemy!
I find it more blasphemous
to deprive your lord
of the castle he deserves.
Are you too blind to see
the glory of this place?
And this is why I hate humans!
[AILEEN] Jeez, delusions of
grandeur, don't you think?
There's a second angle.
You could also look at this
as a great opportunity
to help others.
[CLAUDE] "Help others?"
And how would I do that?
So here's the truth.
Prince Cédric let several of the
finest workers in the land go.
I propose we hire
them to fix the castle.
And why would you,
the daughter of a duke,
go to such lengths for
those beneath you?
To help.
These gentlemen need it.
I assumed you would be
quick to meet my offer
with refusal. But I--
[CLAUDE]
Do as you wish.
That went better than expected.
Keith, in addition
to my subsidy,
we haven't received your
salary in some time now.
My lord, it's always been my
suspicion that some noble
is embezzling our funds.
Please, look into the issue, and
recover whatever we're owed.
I will use that sum
to repair the castle.
Just leave it to me.
[AILEEN]
You should know.
It so happens that I've
already tasked Jasper,
an excellent reporter and
acquaintance of mine,
with investigating
the missing funds.
Quite bold to take matters
into your own hands.
Apologies for any encroachment.
I merely deemed it the best
course of action for us all.
Your distaste for being
in the debt of another
grows increasingly evident.
Let us turn the lens
of judgment on you.
Why did you take my suggestion
with such aggressive haste?
Do you enjoy teasing
undeserving ladies?
[CLAUDE]
Perhaps. Who can say?
While you're in this mood
of hearing me out,
I would like to borrow a small
plot of land in your forest.
There, I would construct
a humble croft.
Would you now?
That's fine.
Anything more will depend
on how sincerely you ask.
Well, there's no point
in dawdling around!
Sir Belzebuth,
I require the grand tour.
One moment.
[AILEEN]
Yes?
--[RIBBON] Yoo-hoo!
--[AILEEN yelps]
Uh, hello. We've met before!
There, that should do it.
I made your shadow
a demonic gateway.
Demons can travel through
it as they please.
What compelled you
to do such a thing?
With this, you will be
universally accepted
by all demons, no matter
where your travels take you.
[barks]
Seems someone's taken
a fancy to my ribbon.
Does Ribbon sound like
a suitable name for you?
[RIBBON barks]
[JASPER] I've always known
that you existed in a league
all your own.
But still, Aileen,
bringing humans
to the demon lord's castle
to do repair work is a lot,
even for you.
Don't you fret, it's within
the realm of the law.
I stayed up the entire
night making sure of that.
Prince Cédric's a fool
for letting you go.
A woman as passionate
as you is hard to come by.
Flattery? That's rather
out of character.
[BELZEBUTH]
Woman!
That's infraction number one!
Whoa, who's he?
Sir Belzebuth!
Hey! Listen close, human!
Uh, yes?
If you continue to offend
our lord in his home,
his winds will blow you out
and into the next kingdom!
Jasper, when did you manage
to disgruntle Lord Claude?
Beats me!
I've yet to meet the guy!
Then what in the world could
that spectacle have been about?
This bluster certainly isn't
convenient for our work.
If it turns out all those rumors
that the demon lord's
emotions affect the weather are
true, then that would mean--
That would mean what?
[JASPER]
Nothing yet.
Leaking unverified
information goes against
my journalistic integrity.
They're here.
You may have a lot of enemies,
but there's something
to be said about
your choice of ally.
You should choose quality
over quantity, right?
Hello Denis! Luc! Quartz!
Even Isaac is willing
to lend a hand!
There isn't one of us
here who hasn't worried
over your wellbeing.
Allow me to nip those
thoughts in the bud
as there is nothing
to worry about!
[sighs] Typical.
You're still you.
I'm ever so grateful you chose
to come, Denis.
Having a genius architect on
board brings great comfort.
All right!
What a thrilling chance to play!
I'm so sorry you
were let go, Luc.
It pains me so to know how
close you were to seeing
the results of your medicinal
research come to fruition.
It's fine!
The doctor in me is looking
forward to perusing
the demon lord's
wealth of flora!
You must be overjoyed!
He's still a touch depressed.
Imagine being a botanist
and having all the plants
you've grown ripped away by
someone who doesn't know
how to care for them.
After all that, you're willing
to work for me again?
If necessary, we can develop
an untraceable poison
for you to use as you see fit.
Right? What do you
say, Lord Isaac?
I want not a thing to do with
your assassination plots
on the prince!
You downright quack!
The demon forest may present
us with the perfect ingredients.
Pure madness.
Better yet, I could build a
bridge rigged to collapse
under a certain princely
amount of weight!
Build yourself a muzzle!
Gentlemen! Assassination is fun,
but let's focus on the task
at hand!
Wow!
You've surpassed the bounds
of my imagination!
Who's that?
Keith, one of Lord
Claude's aides.
Who?
Don't fear, for I'm
an ordinary human.
Quite unlike you lot.
You are human, but I wouldn't
describe you as ordinary.
[JASPER]
So, you've done your research.
That falls well within the
territory of my occupation here.
I'm frequently gathering
information for my lord.
We would be wise to a bring
our lollygagging to a close.
Lord Claude is growing
increasingly upset.
I bring you... our guests.
What a cultivated look.
[CLAUDE] I have but one rule
which requires your adherence.
Do not harm the
demons you'll find here
or threaten their way of life.
Keep in mind I know all that
happens within this barrier;
commit the most minor
infraction, I will see it,
and you will be dealt
with accordingly.
Question.
Precisely what part of this
castle is in need of repair?
[ALL gasp]
Where did the ceiling go?
Huh? What is this?
As you can see, there's
much work to be done.
I've been using magic
to hold the place together.
How perplexing.
So this is magic.
Any preferences on how
we fix up your home?
I want the castle made
comfortable for demons.
[DENIS] Then could I talk
to the demons directly?
Belzebuth, please
interpret for him.
Yes, your lordship.
Alert me whenever
a decision is required.
Dismissed.
[BELZEBUTH]
Demons are surprisingly...
[AILEEN]
Lord Claude?
You seem a smidgen more
on edge than usual.
[CLAUDE]
And?
[AILEEN] I was merely curious if
something was bothering you.
[CLAUDE] You seem quite close
to these men that you've hired.
Any business professional
worth their salt
works to build trust
with their associates.
If you're put off by my urgency,
know my father will
oust me from his house
if I can't establish a
business before the ball.
If that were to happen, I'd
be stripped of my privilege
to wear even the
simplest of gowns.
Rather paltry, no?
Paltry? Spoken like a man.
Don't you know that dresses
are womankind's battle armor?
Perhaps someone like
you has the confidence
to run about
au naturel, but not I!
No. I'll keep my
clothing on, thanks.
And! The main reason
I invest in attire
is so I may confidently
stand by your side!
No matter the elegance with
which your exterior is draped,
the fire that is you
burns the same.
Be that as it may, I understand
the logic behind your reasoning.
I beg you, wait a moment.
Tell me, what was instigating
your unhappiness earlier?
Who knows?
I can't say with
much certainty myself.
Huh?
Gone without a trace, eh?
Peculiar.
[KEITH]
You have nothing to worry about.
See? Whatever you did
caused Lord Claude's mood
to improve greatly.
[AILEEN]
Let us get to work, gentlemen.
Denis, I pronounce you
head of all castle repairs.
Grand!
This way. Come on, kid.
[DENIS] For your information,
good sir, I'm a 16-year-old man!
Jasper, please begin tracing
Lord Claude's lost funds.
Sir Keith will serve as your
partner in this endeavor.
It's a pleasure to be working
with you, Keith the human.
United we shall wring
those embezzlers dry!
I'm going to use you three
for a special project.
Before long, we'll be
manufacturing our own line
of pharmaceuticals.
Perfect.
I committed the formula
Prince Cédric stole
to memory in hopes of
an opportunity like this.
I'm ready, too.
I have some ingredients left.
Don't be foolish.
Now that Prince Cédric has
ownership over the business,
he'll no doubt throw a
complete and utter tantrum
if we produce anything remotely
in the same vein as him.
What's more, he's connected
enough to shut us down.
We need something new.
What we need are cosmetics.
We ladies are willing to spend
much in the pursuit of beauty.
We'll use that knowledge
to our favor.
I see.
That's not a bad idea.
Beauty products are far beyond
my realm of expertise.
You use salves and scrubs on
chapped and blistered skin, yes?
Just consider this another
form of dermal healing.
Interesting spin.
Let's give it a try.
I will test our
products personally.
The sight of me all done up
standing beside Lord Claude
will make a great advertisement.
[ISAAC] Indeed, his
beauty is otherworldly.
I was hoping our
cosmetics could raise me
to the playing field of
your gentleman crush.
Now that's a selfish motive!
So be it!
I will not lose any beauty
pageants to my escort!
If this is an accurate
portrayal of  all womenkind,
we're sure to be rich.
[CÉDRIC]
What's she doing?
Can't say, but she gathered
up all the laborers
you recently released
and brought them
to the demon lord's castle.
I fear there's a scheme at
the center of her newfound
fondness for my brother.
Yes! It's the perfect scent!
[LUC] I couldn't have done it
without the steam distiller
that Denis crafted for me.
[DENIS laughs]
Oh, that old bucket of bolts?
This one's clearly
chamomile and lemongrass.
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but is this one rosemary?
Indeed!
Using Isaac's documents
for a basis,
I tried a plethora
of different plants.
Our final hurdle is
finishing those repairs.
Denis. How's your progress been?
Right on track!
Wouldn't you agree this kitchen
looks as good as new?
Yes, but we can't truly judge
the quality of a kitchen
just by boiling up grasses
and flowers all day.
If anyone has the ingredients,
we could bake a pastry or two!
Hey, human! Make sweets!
Yeah, do it! Bake cake!
Or pie! Pie's good!
No, tarts! Make tarts!
Wanna try!
I find this quite a
disrespectful usage
of my shadow!
Return from whence
you came right now!
Cookies! Brownies!
Cakes and pies and--
Don't you chant at me!
I'll bake you confections
once things calm down!
[ALMOND]
...tyrant!
[CLAUDE]
Don't bother her.
Well! It's assuring to see
they're obedient to someone
at the very least.
I'm delighted to report to you
that we got to the bottom
of the embezzlement
case and have taken care
of the issue.
Goodness!
Your friend Jasper
is incredibly talented!
That's curious, as I received
word you obtained
most of the evidence
on your own.
Once you uncovered
the culprit's identity,
why didn't you let Jasper
denounce them in the press?
Simple.
Some things are
best kept private.
The public can't know that
the demon lord was poor!
[DENIS gasps] You've gone
and hurt his feelings!
[KEITH]
He won't be poor any longer!
Money's no concern now.
And preparations for the
ball are going smoothly.
You're able to avoid falling
from his favor until then.
Right?
Right! I'll certainly
give it my all.
We look forward to the big day,
don't we, Lord Claude?
Don't we, Lord Claude?
Not especially.
[AILEEN] Why, because he
doesn't believe my appearance
will keep up with his grandeur?
Was that his insinuation?
Uh... You read eons
too far into that.
[GROUP]
Mm-hmm.
[AILEEN] Our skin toner will
have Lord Claude eating
his insinuated words.
We must finish it!
Work to your highest caliber!
Poor man.
It's a shame to be foiled
by your own naiveté.
Look.
He must not be very
angry after all.
[AILEEN] Our products performed
swimmingly in the test,
but how should we go
about selling them?
Please, Almond,
I don't have sweets.
[gasps] You can utilize my
shadow as well?
That would've been nice to know.
Human.
I come here with a request.
Entering a lady's room
uninvited at the dead of night
is a nearly unforgivable
transgression.
But I'll turn a
blind eye this time.
What is it you require?
If our lord is going to
be attending this ball,
then I wish to attend as well.
Aides are welcome, but you'll
be asked to stand off
toward the side.
That's fine with me.
I only want to go because
the detestable humans
who cast out our
lord will be there.
Though Lord Claude is strong, he
is not necessarily invulnerable.
I have heard that if I
don't want to shame him
at the ball, I will need to
harness the great power
known as "manners."
Think you can help
me achieve this?
I'd be honored to.
I'll arm you with all the tricks
and trades of high society!
Ha! I'm in your debt!
Lord Claude is
lucky to have you.
From all I've seen,
he's very well loved.
I find it peculiar so many
are wary to get close to him.
Wary to get close to, huh?
If I remember correctly,
these two don't get along
with each other.
It's the perfect sales strategy!
I don't mean to
bother you, human,
but I'd like to start my manners
training as soon as I can.
Of course.
For your first lesson,
I will teach you the art
of kneeling to a lady.
[DENIS] Craftsmen, use your full
force to complete the framework!
Demons, transport materials and
keep the workspace tidy, got it?
[WORKERS]
Got it!
[AILEEN] Everyone is
working so diligently.
I'll have to reward them
with some treats.
We have a bone to pick.
Are you the catalyst of
Belzebuth's strange behavior?
I wouldn't call his
behavior strange.
Just an iota knightlier
than it usually is.
He asked me to critique
the form of his bow
over and over again.
He'd appreciate the help
of a sophisticate like you.
[CLAUDE] So, it seems you've
been using sweets to force
the demons to do your bidding.
[AILEEN]
I'm not forcing anyone.
On closer look,
I see that's true.
[AILEEN]
It's a bit shocking.
The land of the demons is
far vaster than I imagined.
[CLAUDE] That was originally
the property of some count.
Keith purchased it so the demons
would have more space
to roam.
You're very lucky to have
an aide as clever as he is.
Agreed.
I've grown to trust him deeply.
While I'm quite humbled
by the compliments,
I regret to inform you;
we bear bad news.
There's this nasty rumor.
People are saying that Aileen is
going after Lady Lilia's life.
How could that possibly be?
The word on the street
is that Lady Lilia
has been receiving
threatening letters.
They say "you aren't fit to
be Prince Cédric's fiancée"
and "refuse the
engagement or else."
Your standard
nobleperson threats.
Folks say you're sending them.
Ye gods, what would cause anyone
to suppose I'm the culprit?
Well, as ridiculous
as it sounds,
your name was signed at the
bottom of some of these letters.
On top of that, they're
written on the high-quality,
perfumed paper that
only noble ladies use.
[AILEEN]
Death threats, huh?
I remember this happening
in the game.
It's a little foggy, but I'm
pretty sure the sender
was the villainess.
Wait! The sender was me?
I might have been
the miscreant in the game,
but in this reality,
I've been framed!
If you're sure
about the stationery.
Good Almond,
I require your help.
On what?
What?
A very important new job.
The reward is a fresh apple pie.
Can do! For pie, that is!
Refuse.
Farewell, pie! Can't do.
I was just going to ask him to
rummage through the rubbish
at the imperial palace.
The servants would
surely take notice,
and if he leaves the barrier, I
lose all means to protect him.
How do you expect the
demons to learn or grow
if they never come in contact
with the outside world?
[CLAUDE] Go on, but come
back if it seems dangerous.
Aye-aye, your lordship!
If they dare hurt a feather
on his little head,
I'll destroy them myself!
I care as much about Almond's
wellbeing as you do!
[CLAUDE]
How strange.
I can't go a day without feeling
this underlying desire
to make you cry, but
recently I've found myself
nearly overcome by the
urge to spoil you rotten.
Is there anything your
Lord can do for you?
[AILEEN squeals]
This behavior wasn't fleshed out
in his character description!
I'll take that as
our cue to leave.
The best of luck, Lady Aileen!
[AILEEN sighs]
Pull yourself together!
This is a great opportunity
to draw up a contract
of engagement.
But for some reason, it doesn't
feel like the right moment.
Even though I may never
get this chance again.
I want-- I want you to be the
best escort at the whole ball.
You must outshine
every other man there!
Especially that wretched
fool, Prince Cédric!
You're more formidable
than you even know.
I'll grant your request.
In retrospect, I wonder if
should've asked for some
magical substance
that promotes glowy skin.
[CÉDRIC]
Lilia, are you all right?
[LILIA] Oh, yes. I've
calmed myself down.
I'm certain that Aileen is
fraternizing with demons.
I'm sure she's the one sending
you those horrific letters.
Though I agree with
you that Lady Aileen
is a very coarse woman,
we have no real proof
she's the sender.
You have a pure soul, Lilia.
How dare that wench confound
it with a sense of unease.
My sweet Prince Cédric.
[CÉDRIC] Aileen, you'll rue the
day you threatened my love!